So instead of exposing these guys to the Internet,
that's okay we're going to leave them public but we're not
going to share their address with anybody.
What we're going to do is I'm going to set up an Amazon service in front of them,
that's going to provide access to both of
them nearly at the same time or in an equal way,
and we're going to call that a load balancer.
So, we're going to look for the icon here for load balancer.
If I can find it.
Now beyond your Compute down here.
The job of the load balancer is exactly what it sounds like you
will provide workers in this case it's going to be two web servers,
and these two web servers are going to be behind this load balancer.
The load balancer you're going to give it a name and that's going to be
your business.com or whatever address you're using,
and that's going to be your one of entry into your service.
What the application load balancer is going to do,
is going to send requests to your servers,
and it's going to equally distribute the load of incoming requests.
So if you get a 100 users at the same time,
a 1,000 users at the same time,
is going to distribute the load equally to both servers.
Now, keep in mind,
I don't have an auto scaling group here.
This is something that you need to understand.
If I think that these two web servers are not enough to handle the traffic that I have,
on my normal day-to-day operations,
I should be using an auto scaling group to make them be able to expand and contract,
to spin up more servers as needed behind the load balancer,
and the load balancer can be associated not only with servers specifically,
but also with an auto scaling group.
Which means if you have 10 new servers that just
were spin up automatically about an auto scaling group,
the load balancer will know this,
and it will send traffic to those as needed.
Also, another benefit that you get from the load balancer is, health checks.
The load balancer will check your servers,
make sure that they're operational,
if they're not they will be taken out of service completely
and traffic will be routed to the healthy instances.
Now, if you have that question which you probably do,
any servers you deploy in the public sub-nets,
they do have visibility into the private sub-nets because we're all in the same Cloud,
in the same VPC container.
So in this container,
it's inbound and outbound traffic is
unrestricted for everything within there because obviously it is trusted traffic,
it is as your own traffic.
So anything in there will be able to talk to one another without any issues.